Add info about DECODE_MULTIPART_DATA property (#2590)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/mediators/property-reference/axis2-properties.md

## DECODE_MULTIPART_DATA

|     Parameter       |           Value               |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Name**             | DECODE_MULTIPART_DATA                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Possible Values**  | true/false                                                                                                                                 |
| **Default Behavior** | false                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| **Scope**            | axis2                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | **Description**      | Specifies whether to decode multipart messages when the message get build in a content aware mediation, otherwise the outgoing message will be in encoded form |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Description**      | Specifies whether to decode multipart messages when the message is built in a content aware mediation scenario. Otherwise, the outgoing message will be in encoded form |
```
